What Are Some Unknown Benefits Of Doing Namaz Or Salat? 
Dalai Lama once said, "Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health."

Do you know our everyday doings mark a serious impact on our health?

Yes, they do, and that is why our ingenious ancestors had forged some iron-fisted activities to our daily schedule.

Apart from religious factor, our ancestors had realized different benefits of doing Namaz.

They had considered it as one of the best ways of focusing on health and mind.

Start churning through the story.

There is a ritual that you have to wash your hands and feet before going for Namaz.

People prefer to do Namaz five times a day, certainly wiping off germs and bacteria every time they put their feet and hands under the tap.

The standing posture of Namaz is called Qiyam, which regulates the blood in the lower body portion.

This also helps in maintaining the strength of the muscles, especially of the legs.

We all know how Yoga is important for our body and mind.

The postures people make while doing Namaz somehow connect with the postures made in some Yoga Asanas.

It is true that a person should do meditation for at least ten minutes a day.

This enhances the thinking process and gives strength to the mind.

Extra calories are burnt if you strictly follow the procedure of Namaz.

It is considered as one of the effective methods of weight loss.

The positions in Namaz give a boost to the flexibility of the body and slash down the stiffness.

This posture of Namaz reduces the pain in the muscles, hence, giving you relief from arthritis pain.

This posture is really great for your lower vertebral column.

It also helps in exerting abdominal pressure, hence, giving comfort to constipation and peristaltic movements.

The position of bending and touching your forehead to the ground is known as Sajdah.

This perfect position helps you in keeping your spine straight and erect.

This posture refreshes and eliminates the chances of a headache or a migraine.

This gives relaxation to the shoulder and upper back muscles.

